docs(core): polishes README for recency & clearer routing (#4862)
questdb/questdb: README.md

- Columnar storage format (native or
  [Apache Parquet](https://questdb.io/glossary/apache-parquet/)), partitioned
  and ordered by time
- Responsive and intuitive Web Console for query and data management, with error
  handling
- Excellent performance with
  [high data cardinality](https://questdb.io/glossary/high-cardinality/) - see
  [benchmarks](#questdb-performance-vs-other-oss-databases)

And why use a time-series database?

Beyond performance and efficiency, with a specialized
[time-series database](https://questdb.io/glossary/time-series-database/), you
don't need to worry about:

- out-of-order data
- duplicates
- exactly one semantics
- streaming data (low latency)
- high volumes of concurrent requests
- volatile and "bursty" data
- adding new columns - change schema "on the fly" while streaming data

## Try QuestDB, demo and dashboards

The [live, public demo](https://demo.questdb.io/) is provisioned with the latest
QuestDB release and sample datasets:

- Trips: 10 years of NYC taxi trips with 1.6 billion rows
- Trades: live crypto market data with 30M+ rows per month
- Pos: geolocations of 250k unique ships over time

Use example queries or write your own!

> _The public demo queries over 1.6BN rows and uses 24 cores out

Reviewer: We're using 46 shared workers, so it's more precise to say that we use 48 cores.
```suggestion
_The public demo queries over 1.6BN rows and uses 48 cores out
```

> _The public demo queries over 1.6BN rows and uses 48 cores out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The public demo queries over 1.6BN rows and uses a `r6a.12xlarge` 48 vCPU and 348GB RAM instance._
```

> of 96 cores on a `c5.metal` instance._

Reviewer: @sklarsa are we still using `c5.metal`? I recall that it's a different instance type now.

Reviewer 2: `r6a.12xlarge`: 48 cpu/348GB

Author: Cool. Updated!

I'm unable to merge. :) 

Might someone click the button?

Reviewer: Thanks Steve!

As for the merge permissions, only Alex and Vlad have them.

> _The public demo queries over 1.6BN rows and uses 48 cores out
> of 96 cores on a `c5.metal` instance._

Author: ```suggestion
_The public demo queries over 1.6BN rows and uses 48 cores out
of 96 cores on a `r6a.12xlarge` 348GB instance._
```

Reviewer: That's because QDB reserves 2 spare cores for OS.

> of 96 cores on a `r6a.12xlarge` 348GB instance._

Reviewer: This line needs to be removed.

Author: Lol yes, on it.

  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  English |
  <a href="./i18n/README.zh-cn.md">简体中文</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.zh-hk.md">繁體中文</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.ar-dz.md">العربية</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.it-it.md">Italiano</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.ua-ua.md">Українська</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.es-es.md">Español</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.pt.md">Português</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.ja-ja.md">日本語</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.tr-tr.md">Türkçe</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.hn-in.md">हिंदी</a> |
  <a href="./i18n/README.vi-vn.md">Tiếng Việt</a>
</p>

---

QuestDB is the fastest growing open-source time-series database.

> It provides **high throughput ingestion** and **fast SQL queries**.

Reviewer 3: lacks a bit of punch. any suggestions?

QuestDB is hardware efficient, with quick setup and operational efficiency.

> Ready to go? Check out our
> [quick start guide](https://questdb.io/docs/quick-start/).

<p>&nbsp;</p>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://demo.questdb.io/">
    <img alt="QuestDB Web Console showing a SQL statement and query result" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/questdb/questdb/master/.github/console.png" width="900" />
  </a>
  <p><em>QuestDB Web Console</em></p>
</div>

> 

Reviewer 3: Comment on the intro paragraph:

I like the refocus on simplicity, but also losing the focus on "obsession for performance" that I think should be maintained

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## Benefits of QuestDB

QuestDB excels with:

- financial market data

> - IoT sensor

Reviewer 3: Should we change to:
IoT sensors or IoT sensor data

- real-time dashboards
- time-series data with high data cardinality

Feature highlights include:

- SQL with powerful time-series extensions: PGWire, HTTP API

> - High-speed ingestion through the InfluxDB Line Protocol over TCP or HTTP

Reviewer 3: I would remove this bit of complexity since the default path is HTTP: "over TCP or HTTP"

> - Strong and efficient performance on limited hardware (Raspberry Pi, 4 workers)

Reviewer 3: I would remove examples in brackets

- Columnar storage format (native or
  [Apache Parquet](https://questdb.io/glossary/apache-parquet/)), partitioned
  and ordered by time
- Responsive and intuitive Web Console for query and data management, with error
  handling
- Excellent performance with
  [high data cardinality](https://questdb.io/glossary/high-cardinality/)

And why use a time-series database?

Beyond performance and efficiency, with a specialized [time-series database](https://questdb.io/glossary/time-series-database/), you don't need to worry about:

- out-of-order data
- duplicates
- exactly one semantics

> - frequency of ingestion

Reviewer 3: I would change "frequency of ingestion". Themes we can explore that are interesting:
streaming data (low latency)
dealing with a large number of concurrent requests
Minimal time between data ingestion and ability to read the data

> - many other expensive details found in demanding real-world scenarios

Reviewer 3: i would remove because too vague

## Try QuestDB

The [live, public demo](https://demo.questdb.io/) is provisioned with the latest
QuestDB release and sample datasets:

- Trips: 10 years of NYC taxi trips with 1.6 billion rows
- Trades: live crypto market data with 30M+ rows per month

> - Pos: geolocations of 250k unique ships over time

Reviewer 3: Can we add Crypto dashboard example too?

| `SELECT * FROM trades LATEST ON timestamp PARTITION BY symbol`                | [0.00025 secs](https://demo.questdb.io/?query=SELECT%20*%20FROM%20trades%20LATEST%20ON%20timestamp%20PARTITION%20BY%20symbol;&executeQuery=true)                                                    |

## Get started

Use [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to start quickly:

```bash
docker run -p 9000:9000 -p 9009:9009 -p 8812:8812 questdb/questdb
```

Alternatively, macOS users can use Homebrew:

```bash
brew install questdb
brew services start questdb
```

```bash
questdb start
questdb stop
```

For a guided experience, start with our concise
[quick start guide](https://questdb.io/docs/quick-start/).

### First-party ingestion clients

QuestDB clients for ingesting data via the InfluxDB Line Protocol:

- [.NET](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/ingest-dotnet/)
- [C/C++](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/ingest-c-and-cpp/)
- [Go](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/ingest-go/)
- [Java](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/java_ilp/)
- [NodeJS](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/ingest-node/)
- [Python](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/ingest-python/)

> - [Rust](https://questdb.io/docs/clients/ingest-rust/)

Reviewer 3: Could we re-order With Python first?

### Popular third-party tools

Popular tools that integrate with QuestDB include:

- [Apache Kafka](https://questdb.io/docs/third-party-tools/kafka/questdb-kafka/)
- [Grafana](https://questdb.io/docs/third-party-tools/grafana/)
- [Superset](https://questdb.io/docs/third-party-tools/superset/)
- [Telegraf](https://questdb.io/docs/third-party-tools/telegraf/)
- [Apache Flink](https://questdb.io/docs/third-party-tools/flink/)

### End-to-end code scaffolds

From streaming ingestion to visualization with Grafana, start with code
scaffolds in from our
[quickstart repository](https://github.com/questdb/questdb-quickstart).

### Configure QuestDB for production workloads

Find our
[capacity planning](https://questdb.io/docs/deployment/capacity-planning/) to
fine-tune QuestDB for production workloads.

### QuestDB Enterprise

For secure operation at greater scale or within larger organizations.

Additional features include:

- multi-primary ingestion
- read replica(s)
- cold storage integration
- role-based access control
- TLS encryption
- support SLAs, enhanced monitoring and more

Visit the [Enterprise page](https://questdb.io/enterprise/) for further details
and contact information.

> ### QuestDB performance vs. other open-source TSDBs

Reviewer 3: MongoDB is not a TSDB, I would change the title slightly to reflect that
